***************
A Brave New Mod 
***************

High Concept
============

Summary
-------

A video game about radical changes in society brought by cybernetics and biotechnology (The Bio-Cyber revolution). The game starts when the biggest private research corporation releases so radical products to the market the world governments feel forced to censor all information and ban the outright sale of any biotech.  

The first part of the game will from the perspective of a "regular civilian" with a boring low-level corporate job that increasingly participates in an underground world of illegal fights and crime. He illegally modifies its body (which always has positive and negative consequences) in order to progress towards its objective and in its career in the crime underworld.

In the 2nd part of the game there will 

Gameplay
--------

"Choose your own adventure" with attributes, randomness in the resolution of the events. hidden events, short text accompanied by images. Every scene is a image+short text scene, with different options to choose from.

The first episode starts at the very beginning of the bio-cyber revolution. The protagonist managed to get a high quality body modification just before they are banned (Martial arts knowledge, Swiftness or Empathy), then hooked gets another lower quality one (similar qualities) that triggers a debilitating side effect and exausts all its money. Being hospitalized by its objective (Finding a Cure, Transcending Humanity, Lust for Power) he will start dipping his feet in the crime underworld while trying to keep his increasingly soul-crushing but comfortable regular corporate job.   


Background
==========

No one considered a fellow citizen with an artificial heart or even a fancy artificial limb "a cyborg" or "a mod" until three events in quick succession destroyed the fabric of society: 

1  

"We have become Demigods" - Bart Dixey, on his first post-cryo govtube interview 

Bart Dixey, founder of Dixey Entertainment, excentric technologist and trillionaire, was unfrozen by his custodians after 135 years in cryogenic stasis and declared that his spin-off company (Dixey Biotech) decades long search for inmortality and eternal youth was at an end. Frozen when he had just turned 53 years old, at 183 years old he was the oldest (unfrozen) human on Earth, but looked more like an eerie sibling of his grandson. It is the year 2412 and the wealthy are now potentially immortal. 

2

"They looked more like monstrous machines than humans" - Alice Foo, survivor of the EU Massacre 

Unnarmed, but heavily modified and impossibly coordinated, the 3rd of February of 2415 between 15:02 and 15:15, several Abrahamic Fundamentalists strangled and mauled to death several random civilians and proceeded to implode in crowded urban centers, with a death toll of 2476 citizens in an impossibly coordinated terrorist attack all across the European Federation. 

3 

"Body Modifications are a threat to the Human Race and Global governments" - Adim Adepoju, United Nations Secretary General

Mayor biotech corporations attempt to expand in the body modification market was thwarted when, in a rare announcement by the 4 Superpowers illegalized unsanctioned body modifications across the globe. 

Glossary
========

The 4 superpowers
-----------------

Earth consists in 4 governments called "The 4 Superpowers". They commercially compete and cooperate, they have their quarrells and there definitely some MAD-cold war stuff going on, but nothing particularly dystopic. After all, life in the XXV century could be considered an unbelievable utopia for most of the XXI citizens (terrible times), but humans are perenially dissatisfied with what they have, and therefore, segments of the population could consider the grasp of the Great 4 oppresive. Three of them are liberal democracies with free and fair elections though. Regardless, Universal Income and strict population control allows for a tolerable live for most citizens and (relative) World Peace has been achieved.

- The European Federation (EF) (The protagonists live here): After many struggles, the EU expanded outside of Europe. Russia, Northen Africa, parts of former Latin America parts of the Middle East joined this originally multicultural, eminent institution.   

- The Afro-American Commonwealth: After the collapse of the American Empire, most of America and Sub-saharan Africa united in order to compete with the EF. Competition aside, the AAC and the EF are tightly coupled culturally and together (mostly) dictate global policy.

- Korean-Japanese Democratic Empire (KJDE): The KJDE stabilished a permanent base on the Moon in the XXIII Century managed to make it self-sufficient (to certain extent) and declared itself the first interplanetary Empire. This space venture wasn't as profitable as it was expected to be, as the Moon Colony is expensive to maintain and far from self sufficiency. The JDE still nominally a democracy, but elections are more of a tradition that give symbolic power to some individual, as a few corporations own and run the JDE. With Space Mining in its infancy, the JDE is better known for it's state sponsored Moon Tourism. 

- The Maorian Free Nations: After the "3 Superpowers" formed and few years of irrelevance, led by the egemon in the region at the time (New Zealand), the countries that were left united in a loose coalition (Including Central America and the Caribbean). Life here is peaceful and the Free Nations are considered an example of progressiveness. 


Govtube
-------

An info-educational-entertainment AI system that everyone in the EF and the AAC use. Originally an eminent tech private corporation, was integrated into public infrastructure as a citizen commodity. JDE and MFN have their own systems.

Most users of Govtube use it via a jewel-device (ring, necklace, phone) that project both public and private holographs.

Cocaroids
---------

In the XXII century, the energy drink and the latin american pharma sectors merged into one, creating one of the most consumed drugs in the world: Cocaroids. Cocaroids both stimulate the nervous system and help develop muscle mass, preventing muscle loss in the most senior citizens. Carefully administered by medical professionals in a cocktail of other drugs that protect (to certain extent) the organism from , it has been attributed to the lifespan extension of humankind in almost 50 years.



Plastic People
--------------

It all became evident a few centuries ago when the famous industrialist Guillermo "Gui" Ventanas knocked down a conspiracy theorist with a single punch at age 120. The public wasn't aware that many of the wealthy had already undergone an anti-ageing treatment. 

"Plastic People" (referring to plastic surgery and plastic looking skin): Women and men of indefinite age that have no past because they have paid their way out of their original society, undergone heavy surgery and left their past behind. Some governments have secret programs to move these individuals into their society as a way of obtaining intel and extremely wealthy individuals. "Gui" is still one of them.

For 400 years, the percentage of the population that could be categorized as Plastic People is weirdly constant (between 0.01% and 0.03%). While anti-aging drugs are relatively cheaper to producde, Abrahamic Community and West-East Fusion religions have shifted towards discriminating on the very old and encouraging euthanasia past age 120. In addition to prejudice, many prospective and current Plastic People struggle with the loss of most of their relatives, dementia, and ennui.    

